Let's see if anybody's left. Okay,
reporting stopped. Let me just see
whether there's anybody in the waiting
room. Started. Hopefully, they didn't
wait. Those poor people. There does not
seem to be anybody in the waiting room.
So,
uh, we're back to normal. In that case,
can I move to ajourn? Second.
Any discussion?
No, just thank you everybody for for
putting up with it. Um, needed to be
done. I know there's some aggravated
people there and listen, sorry.
That much you got to asking you. Yeah.
No. Well, I understand. Good.
Okay. All those in favor the German say
I. I. I. Any opposed? Any absention?
Hearing none. The meeting is adjourned.
Thank you very much everybody. Thanks
Eric as usual. Have a good uh vacation,
right? Yeah. Enjoy your enjoy your
vacation, Eric. I'll touch base. We work
out the logistics for the meeting. I I
know I said to be there that week, but I
I think the packet. Yeah, I was going to
bring that up. Do we
miss?
Oh, that one the the agenda for that is
already posted. So, there's nothing
really you need to do. The RAM
superintendent is going to present and
Cheryl will cover me for the town. Oh,
Cheryl's gonna take care of it. What?
Well, who's going to run the meeting and
allow people to share and allow people
in the waiting room and all that?
Where? Yeah, that's that's my point
there. Yeah, that would be you, Mark. I
apologize. Where's the packet? Because
I'm looking at the town website and I
don't see it. It's not on It's not on
the agenda website. You have to go to
the calendar. And if you go to the
calendar and click on the meeting, it'll
show you the agenda and the link is
actually in there. The agenda is in
there as is a file. Oh, I've been Yeah,
I look forward the agendas, too. And it
it's not there. So, you really It really
should be both. It's great to have If I
just go to the 12 and there it is. Okay.
Okay. Thank you guys. I appreciate I
apologize. I was so confused.
It's there. Mark, I will send you the
Zoom login
um right after this meeting so you can
uh know what you have to do to log in
for the and run the next one. Basically,
really all you have to do is log in um
admit people in from the waiting room,
start the recording, stop the recording,
everything else kind of happens
automatically. Yeah, I've done it one
other time I think when you weren't
available. So, but it's been a while.
I'm familiar with it too, Mark. if you
need help. Don't worry about it. Cool.
Good night all. Thanks. Thank you
everybody. Have a good night. Have a
good week. We'll see you. Cheers.